hey guys so earlier I put up a video
showcasing my five picks for fall
blushes so I also wanted to share my
five picks for fall it was supposed to
be only five lipsticks but I had to add
one more because i just put and leave it
out so i'm going to go ahead and get
started the first one i want to show you
guys is for mac and it is the color rest
of the perfect dark super dark plum the
more you layered on the more like the
darker the lipstick color gas and it is
just gorgeous I think every single girl
needs a dark plum lipstick for fall
you're always going to have one of those
days where you're in one of those moves
to have a super dark lip and this is the
one to go with next is another color
from Mac and this one is called craving
and this is actually the same lipstick
color I wore in my fall inspired makeup
look video and it is just this um it's
like a pretty it's like kind of like a
pretty brown shade like it's not really
brown it has I kind of I don't know how
to explain it but it's just a really
pretty like shade of brown it's still
darkens up your lips but it's not too
dark but this is another great color for
fall ok so next is my wife L lipstick I
just love the packaging on this lipstick
and this one is the number a um fetish
pink and it is the color is from the
roseville loop line and it is just a
gorgeous I have it all right now na well
the camera picks up the color but it is
like the perfect pink and no matter what
season it is you always need a pink
lipstick my opinion anyways and this is
a great one I love the quality of this
lipstick it goes on very creamy and it
lasts a super long time okay and also
like the pink shade I think every girl
also no matter what the season needs a
good nude lipstick um this is one that I
started using last month and it is from
make up forever it's a nude lipstick
it's the color number 23 from the Rouge
artist and 10 and it's kind of like a
map a creamy kind of texture and it
it's a peachy nude so it's not very I
feel like I snot really gonna wash you
out it still gives you a little bit of
color it's great for when you have a
really bold eye makeup look this is the
kind of thing you want to wear with it
and like the wise sell this one is also
very long lasting so I think I'm going
to have to this is my first lipstick
from make up forever I think I'm gonna
have to try a couple more and then the
last two are both from l'oreal and
they're the LeMat and lalak little
lipstick tools that we're not duels but
these things everyone has been going
crazy over like I see people's photos on
Instagram people are going crazy
searching for this they keep saying that
they're limited edition but some target
stores keep restocking them and I think
they should just make these permanent I
am obsessed with these little things
like they're only like they're like half
the price of a mac lipstick and they're
really good um the black is the one guy
goes on more like um like a lip gloss
and this is the color for 12 this is the
color for 12 black rise and it's a
really it's like a pink purple kind of
glossy lipstick and this little thing
gives you so much color and it stays on
forever this stuff does not budge and
then this one is the color for oh wait
she still mad this is from the LeMat
this is not glossy this is a more of a
matte lipstick and like i said like i
didn't expect something like this to
give you so much color and this color in
particular i love because i feel like
it's transitioning me into using red
lipstick um I never wear red lipstick
but I'm trying to wear it more now
especially for the flow i think red is a
really nice color and this is kind of
like an orange you read it's not very
bright but it's still a great color and
lasts a really long time so these were
my six pigs actually for fall lipsticks
and all the information is going to be
list
on the bottom bar and if you haven't
seen my pics for fall blushes go ahead
and check that video out also thank you
guys for watching bye